there's a 1969 series to a Landrover
you
differential guard underneath there you
can see all grade eight hardware was
used as well as ink plated hood here
here's that Mount Mansfield heater on
the wire harness new starter solenoid
new coil will fuse block dealers new
this intake hose is new the air intake
brand new Weber carburetor the motor so
it looks kind of dirty it looks a lot
worse than it is it cleans up pretty
nice and we were all kind of Anna on
dirt roads and whatnot so it looks kind
of crummy but like I said she cleans up
pretty nice that's a brand new version
of the the high performance Rovers north
motor brand new distributor starter
alternator the whole works so there
should be the whole deal you've got the
servo system braking system here I can
see down the alternators new new fuel
pump everything everything is brand new
up it's a good tight solid vehicle
at the gear selection table
hi range pulling back put them in the
low rate
here at high rates you want to be in
four-wheel driving from the yellow knob
now Verger frequencies in the ferry over
driver
the budget he puts that all the way
forward it gives you a little bit more
speed going down the highway
got to speed for here
the high in the ball
original paper size low
exterior lighting carrier panel lights
all right here's the passenger side so
you can see the seat box on the floor
pans we'll pull this one out again and
show you this side
alright this back drawer system that's
in the vehicle if you can see it here
it's completely lockable you pick the
lock off and slide the lever you can
pull it out and it houses some of your
off-road gear and tools and whatnot
we've got your funnel for your jerrican
extra set of gloves spare solenoid for
the eighty-five hundred pound super
winch this motor to the front some
ignition parts spare tire rod in your
steering u-joints which controller I
always carry a couple extra tie straps
I've got a couple of recovery straps
there's always a handful of
walkie-talkies a spare driveshaft
you're twenty seven millimeter socket
for your lug nuts along with your
breaker bar crafting tool fit get into a
pinch some jumper cables so you can jump
whoever else is out there and even a
little spot for Zee hand crank starter
which I've used a couple times just to
impress people kind of a fun little
little prop now the drawer is completely
removable too so if you don't want it in
the vehicle you can always take it out I
do have the spare seat for the backside
here they are the station wagon seating
so there are two galvanized seat bases
with the bench seats and you can take
this drawer out with just a couple
screws actually it's pretty simple
I'll show you the rear jerrycan that's
mounted to the door and then I'll lock
this back portion of the vehicle up
all of the wheels and tires are all
matching even the spare they're brand
new the Nadeau style black wheels the
original series wheels they're 16 inch
on the frontier there's 8,500 pound
super winch mounted up which this truck
doesn't get stuck but you can pull all
your friends out anyway little shovel
mounted on the fender they're pretty
tidy decent shape there are a couple
dings and dents here and there but
nothing too major you know for the
perfectionist they'd probably fix it I
thought that was kind of neat to leave
them on there just for give a little
character
well that's it that's the 1969 series to
a Land Rover
you